
# Announce: Raku 6.e Language Specification Release

_This to be filled up upon actual release_

## Authors

The following people contributed to this version of the language,
including making documentation updates and contributing work to known
open‑source compiler implementations. The list is ordered alphabetically.

If you believe your name has been erroneously omited, please contact us
(https://raku.org/community/irc), and we'll update the primary copy of this list.

_This to be filled up upon actual release_

## Changelog

This document lists changes in Raku 6.e language
from Perl 6.d version. A particular implementation of the language
may contain additional changes; please consult with the changelog for your
implementation.

At the same time, a particular implementation may have had certain features
already implemented during the previous versions period. This ChangeLog concerns
itself with new features added to the specification on a language level and not
the status of their implementation in a particular compiler.

### Scope / Target Audience

This ChangeLog is targeted towards language users, to help with preparation to use
compilers supporting latest language version. Thus, it does not contain every minute
change to the specification that occurred. Implementations wishing to ensure full
compliance with the new version of the language specification should execute the
test suite available at https://github.com/Raku/roast/ and examine any failing tests.

There are new features that did not exist in the previous releases. For full details about them,
please consult with the language documentation on https://docs.raku.org/
Items in *Version-Controlled Changes* section are protected by version pragma and older
behaviours can be obtained by explicitly using `use v6.<rev>` to request an older language
version. All other changes do not conflict with the previous revisions and implementations
may choose to make them available even when an earlier language version is requested.

#### Version-Controlled Changes

_Fill in this section as soon as such changes appear. The following line is a sample from 6.d announce_

- **[6.d]** `&await` no longer blocks *a thread* while waiting

_The following sections are to be filled with upcoming changes in 6.e language_

#### Deprecations

These methods are deprecated in 6.e language and will be removed in 6.f.
Implementations may choose to emit deprecation warnings or to offer these
methods for a longer period than 6.f release.

#### New Behaviors

- Pseudo-packages now return `Failure` for a missing symbol (was `Nil`) [56af07bf] [dbc871c0]
- `LEXICAL::` pseudo-package includes all symbols visible in the lexical scope, including dynamic symbols from caller chain [56af07bf] [dbc871c0]
- `SETTING::` pseudo-package includes all symbols from all available `CORE`s [56af07bf] [dbc871c0]
- `UNIT::` pseudo-package includes all lexicals visible at unit level [56af07bf] [dbc871c0]
- Symbol binding is now possible for all pseudo-packages [56af07bf] [dbc871c0]

#### New Parameters and Arguments

#### New Routines and Operators

#### New Types

#### New Variables

#### Clarifications of Edge Case/Coercion Behaviour

#### Miscellaneous
